# Fortnite-Cheats-In-Progress
# PLEASE READ THIS
  This repository is specifically for the use of Fortnite hacks.  None of my hacks are completed yet, but I will be working as hard as I can for a while to finally complete these cheat codes.    I will be attepting to create aimbot, healbot, and invincibility hacks that you can import into your Fortnite game files and use in game.  If you get banned or reported because of using one of my hacks it is not my responsibility, and by downlaoding and using my cheats you agree to that.  If I start getting ban complaints then I will make the repository private for me and my friends to use only.  Also, I have some rules for this repository.
  1- If you are banned then it is not my problem and you are the one responsible (as I already stated).
  2- These cheats are not to be overused.  If you get banned once and create a new account with these cheats again, Epic games can sue you beacuse they can see all the personal info you put into your epic account.  Not that they look at it, but if they need to they can access whatever they can find in your epic account (phone numbers, e-mails, full name, etc.).
  3- Do not share these cheats with all of your friends.  You can tell them, but please do not have everyone you know put these cheats on their accounts.  If you want all of your friends to have these hacks, then create a merged account for all of you, and once it gets banned don't create another one.  If so many people have these same hacks then Epic will get suspicious, and do something about it.
  Please follow these rules or do not use the cheats.  If you cannot follow these simple tasks I ask of you, then find someone else's cheats to use.  That's All Folks!
